## Wasted Class Time App

This file will be used to log any new goals or ideas, problems encountered, and things learned along the way. 

I hope this app can become something useful for teachers. I would personally love to use it with my students to show them what percentage of our classes they waste by being disrespectful. This idea was created last school year, when I was "in the thick of it". With COVID-19, things are obviously different now. We finished the last school year remotely, and are now preparing for our return to school under very different circumstances. I imagine because of smaller class sizes, behavior will be much less of a problem, but I would like to complete this app anyway. If things ever get back to normal, it will be nice to have this to log recurring behavior issues.

#### Issues
- One issue I've been running into is that in the developer tools, the mobile previews look to be working exactly as intended, but then when pushed to Github and loaded through Github pages, then opened on a mobile Chrome browser, it's not working right. Specifically, the close button for the modal is appearing to be the wrong size, even though there doesn't seem to be any reason for it. I'm fairly confident the code, while definitely not perfect, is sufficient and should be doing the job correctly.
  - Because it looks good on the desktop, both when simply resized and when previewed in the mobile format within the dev tools, when I'm making small tweaks to try to get it to work, I have to repeatedly push to Github, wait for it to fully refresh, and then reopen it on my phone to check if it has worked. I don't know if having a huge list of deployments within Github Pages is frowned upon or not, but either way, my "OCD" doesn't like it very much. Having a long list of tiny commits feels gross, so here is my explanation for why that has happened. I hope I can figure out the issue with the appearance on mobile very soon.